[Music]
no mage the Vallot new nanny even its
1927 Queen modern folk
[Music]
really me
the king and queen are coming to Downton
what
[Music]
I want every surface to gleam and
sparkle
and royal luncheon a parade under dinner
I'm going to have to sit down
how's it all going
Aries got it under control hardly
I need your help Carson I'll be there in
the morning milady don't you worry
[Music]
[Applause]
so we really go on with it you mean
leave Downton
Downton Abbey's the heart of this
community and you're keeping it beating
[Music]
remember to pray for us I'll put in a
word
your Majesties welcome to Downton Abbey
[Music]
do you have enough cliches to get you
through the visit if not I'll come to
you here we go
[Music]